Any characters, actions, places, organizations, professions, and situations in this series are made up for entertainment purposes only.
They’re not intended to guide or encourage any action in the story.
Viewer discretion is advised.
When will we get there? It’s been hours.
Hang in there. The traffic is bad today.
But I’m hungry.
Are you hungry?
Yes.
Let me feed you.
What do you have?
A snack.
What snack?
Here.
It got on your face?
Yes.
No. Don’t take it off just yet.
You won’t be surprised if you take it off.
All right. I’ll feed you properly.
No. You’ll poke it in my nose again.
I won’t do that anymore.
Did you get it?
No.
- Okay now?
- Okay
Have you heard this saying?
“Almost everything comes from nothing.”
Almost everything on this planet starts from zero.
We have arrived.
Really?
Yes.
No. Not yet.
Seriously? Come on.
No. Wait a sec.
(Well, I’m not a naive kid.)
(I’m 30 years old now.)
(I kinda know why Korn takes me to his house in Bangkok.)
(He had me wear a blindfold from Chonburi to here.)
(He must have planned a great surprise for me.)
Walk slowly.
What are you trying to do here?
Come on.
(Do you have any idea what it could be?)
Ready?
Um.
You sure?
Welcome to our home, Win.
(Our home.)
(He said our home.)
(This is where we spend our time together.)
(Have breakfast in bed.)
(Grow healthy hydroponic vegetables.)
(He's the first person I see when I get up in the morning
and the last person I see before going to bed.)
Win.
Hm?
(We’ll be happy together and love each other forever.)
Win!
Did you call my name?
Yes. Several times.
Are you okay?
I’m okay.
Can I take this blindfold off now?
Surprise!
How is it? Our home.
Hey. Are you happy?
Aren’t you happy?
Let’s get inside.
Come on.
There are many things for you to eat.
It’s messy.
Sorry. I don’t have time to clean it up yet.
I see.
Give me a sec. It’s Chef Phat.
Hello.
Yes, I’m in Bangkok.
Right now?
Go.
Okay. I’ll be there shortly.
I need to be there urgently.
I heard it. Just go.
I'll take care of this.
I’ll make some delicious bakery for you.
Okay?
See you later.
(You probably wonder why I don’t get jealous, right?)
(I know well how much Chef Phat likes Korn.)
(I'm not jealous because this is Korn's dream.)
(As Warodom's farm begins to profit)
(we decided to open a new branch of Korn's bakery in Bangkok.)
(So Korn has to take extra baking classes.)
Chef Phat.
Hi, Korn.
Wow. You have prepared so many ingredients.
(It’s also the main reason I moved to live with Korn in his house.)
(He has done so many things for me.)
(It’s my turn to do something for him for a change.)
(It’s common to support your loved one, right?)
(But being a supporter is pretty exhausting.)
Chef Phat.
Win is now living with me.
It’s not convenient to have you there at my place.
I understand.
Win must not know about this no matter what, right?
Yes.
Thank you so much.
Anytime.
You separate the flour.
I’ll separate the eggs.
I’m back.
Where is he?
Win!
Win.
What are you doing?
I’m washing the rags.
Why don't you throw them in the washing machine?
I shouldn’t do that. The rags are dirty.
The machine will get dirty.
I’ll help.
Don’t. I’d rather do this on my own.
I feel like stepping on something.
Let me.
Ouch.
Did you do that on purpose?
Yes.
Are you mad?
Come on.
I rushed back here to help you.
I’ll give you a rub down.
I’ll make your tiredness gone, babe.
You are not mad anymore.
Win.
Thank you so much.
My house is much cleaner now.
I don’t like to be in a messy place.
Stomp your feet properly.
You're splattering it all over the place.
Stop complaining.
Korn.
Did you smoke?
No.
I can smell cigarette smoke coming from you.
I bought you a lot of food.
There are so many.
I’ll plate them for you.
(From zero)
(it should increase to one, two, then three until it reaches the full mark.)
(Who knows?)
(Something could begin at zero and decrease to minus.)
Here you go. Drink this too.
It’s good and healthy stuff.
Wow.
It tastes good.
I had no idea this had zero sugar.
It makes me feel like I'm in Japan.
Do you want to go to Japan after drinking it?
Let me show you this photo.
It makes me feel like I’m in this kind of place.
I'd like to visit a tea plantation and pluck some tea leaves.
Let's go to a tea plantation at the end of the year when the weather is cool.
Not in Chiang Rai, but in Japan.
Are we going to Japan?
I take your word for it.
But you'll have to wait till the end of the year.
I'm really busy right now.
Our bakery will be open soon.
That makes sense.
For now, I'm happy with just some good food around here.
I'll take you on a food tour with your favorite foods.
Good. Let’s do that.
Korn.
Isn’t it too early to go out and eat?
It’s not even 8 o’clock yet.
Sorry. I need to see Chef Phat today.
He doesn’t have much free time.
Chef Phat?
But you told me you were free today.
I’ll hurry back and take you out later in the evening.
Aren’t you gonna eat something before you leave?
Nah. I have to go right away.
You should consider cutting down on eating though.
Your face is getting big.
Gotta go. See you.
Did you just call me fat?
Katin,
he has the audacity to say I'm fat.
People eat when they are hungry, right?
He said he would take me out to eat today.
Now he had something else to do all of a sudden.
I’m not mad, though.
Or else I wouldn’t plan to make him a lunchbox.
Let’s go.
Let’s make a lunchbox.
Isn’t this cute?
I’m taking this to Korn now.
This one is more aromatic.
It’s more refreshing, right?
It has a fruity smell.
You can taste the dried fruits.
How is it? It’s truly refreshing, right?
Yes. It has a sweet taste to it
and tangy taste.
Let’s see if it still tastes like this when we brew it.
I told you I'd call you when I needed to place an order.
Don't stand there and put pressure on me.
Have you been here long?
Yes.
Why didn’t you get something to eat?
Look. There are just vegetarian options.
I don’t remember saying I would go for a vegetarian dish.
They have something else too.
Something else?
But the main ingredients are veggies. Didn’t you see?
You should have asked me when you picked this restaurant.
I don’t want to eat veggies.
You've been eating unhealthy foods lately.
I want you to eat some greens.
Come on. For your good health.
Are you telling me that I’m fat?
What's up with you?
You've been grumpy since I arrived.
I don’t have a good figure like you,
like your Chef Phat.
What does this have to do with Chef Phat?
It does.
You had a date with me today.
But you hurried to Chef Phat after answering his phone call.
He must be so important to you.
You keep protecting him.
I know those cigarette butts are his.
I simply did not want to bring that up.
So, what's the big deal?
I told you Chef Phat didn’t have much time
so I had to bother him to teach me today.
I came to see you here as soon as I can, didn’t I?
I thought we could spend some quality time together over nice meals.
Now I don’t think I have any appetite to eat.
Then don’t eat.
I don’t want to eat as well.
Then we go home.
(Our tiredness prevents us from being sweet to one other.)
Win.
Win!
You don't think you're at fault, do you?
Hey.
Win!
Win.
Will you stop?
And then think about what is causing all of this.
You told me to stop talking because you're tired of me, right?
I just want you to get yourself together.
Then we can work this out together.
Are you saying that I can't think straight for myself?
Huh?
Win,
that is not what I meant.
I do everything for you.
You do it for me, really?
But I don’t feel it that way.
I can only see you doing it for yourself.
If you keep shutting yourself off from me like this,
I can't make you understand no matter what I do.
Fine. I go shut myself down.
I make no sense anyway, right?
Korn!
Win, where are you?
Korn. Win.
Who’s that?
Korn, are we both dead?
It’s not your time to die yet.
But there is now chaos.
-Korn.
-Win.
You two have swapped bodies.
We’ve swapped bodies!
Again?
Can you help us swap back to our own bodies?
When you genuinely understand each other, things will return to normal.
Hahahahaha.
What a dream?
It’s not a dream.
Shit!
Korn, is this true?
Yes, it’s me.
How come we are in this room?
I don’t know either. It could be a miracle.
Gosh. Why did this kind of thing happen to me again?
Am I a body-swap master or what?
If you hadn’t gotten out of the car, this kind of thing would not have happened.
Damn it, Korn.
You blame everything on me again.
You are never at fault?
It’s always me, right?
Stop being sarcastic for a second.
Let’s find a way to swap back to our bodies.
See? You are blaming me again.
Why, Korn?
Why is it always me who has to adjust myself?
You have never done wrong.
I don’t think we can talk it out today.
Then, don’t talk at all.
Go talk with your Chef Phat.
You seem to understand each other so well.
How could I go to him? I’m in your body.
You want to go back to your body because you want to see Chef Phat, right?
Will the world end if you don't see him for a day?
Win.
I’m Korn. Can’t you see how I look? I’m Korn.
Good. Now that I’m in your body, I will use it to see your Chef Phat.
I'll find out for myself if my suspicions are correct.
I don’t have an appointment with Chef Phat today.
What is your plan today? I will do it for you.
Can you do it?
I can do it. I can do everything you can do.
What about you? Can you do what I do?
What is it?
[Sweep the floor.]
[Doctor appointment - Tomorrow!!]
[Keep calm and sweep on]
[Dust out, mob the floor]
[Change bed sheet]
[Wash and hang dry]
[Clean bathroom]
[Empty trash bin]
Come on, Win.
I can complete these chores in a short amount of time.
But now, there is a more important thing to take care of.
This may sound weird.
If Korn comes to see you, don’t tell him anything. Okay?
Why are you showing up so late?
I can't reach you via phone either.
I’m sorry. I was lost.
If you're going to be late, please call me ahead of time.
So I don’t have to wait for you.
Didn't you hear me when I said I was lost? I didn’t intend to be late.
Forget it. Now that you are here. Let’s do the inspection.
Hey, Win.
Korn doesn’t come here today.
He’s probably at the store.
Yes, I know.
This may sound weird.
If Win…
If Korn comes to see you and asks about me,
don’t tell him anything. Okay?
Come again?
It may be a bit difficult to understand.
If…
he asks about me, don’t tell him.
Just keep reminding yourself not to tell him anything.
- Just that.
- Okay. I won’t say anything.
Don’t say anything.
You are clear now, right?
Yes.
That’s all I’m here for.
Okay, Win.
I’m leaving.
See you, Win.
Please sign if you agree with the completed work.
These are all we have for you to inspect today.
Are we done?
For the next lot, I will request your payment around mid-month.
No problem. I’ll ask Kor…
I mean I will prepare the payment for you.
Okay. I’m heading out then.
Have a good day.
What a long day.
Korn.
Yes?
I’m ready to learn today. Are you ready to teach me?
You forgot, right?
You said you would teach me how to make Japanese-style cakes today.
Today?
Today is not convenient for me.
Can we do it later?
But it's my boyfriend's birthday today.
It won't be a surprise if I don't have a cake for him today.
You have promised to me.
(I can’t either say no or teach her.)
(What should I do?)
If my boyfriend breaks up with me, it will be on you.
(If she learns from me and her boyfriend eats the cake I make, they might end up splitting anyway.)
I prepared all the ingredients and I followed the recipe exactly.
Here’s flour.
Flour?
It must be sifted first, right?
Yes.
Why don’t you do it? It’s for your boyfriend’s birthday, isn’t it?
I have another set of ingredients.
You do your cake and I follow.
This way I can proudly claim that I bake the cake myself.
Here. Hold it still.
Just this wide.
Gently sift so it won’t go out of the bowl.
Look it’s all over the place.
What’s with that reaction?
I’m here to help.
(Why did he come here?)
(But it could be a good thing.)
(I might learn what is going on between him and Korn.)
I was just startled.
I thought we didn’t have a class today.
I miss you.
Woah.
You have quite a big reaction nowadays.
Just kidding.
Win came to see me out of the blue.
And he said something weird.
What did he say?
He said if we talked,
I must not say anything to you.
I’m a bit perplexed so I’m here to see you.
(Damn it, Korn. You even warned Chef Phat about me?)
(Wait until I see you.)
What’s the next step, Korn?
What is it?
The cake we are making.
Look at you. You have flour all over.
Here, Korn. Put it in.
How to set this thing?
You okay there, Korn?
Chef Phat, can you take care of this for me?
My nose is running.
Okay. Give it to me.
Go take care of yourself.
Better now?
Are you okay?
I’m okay.
Don’t you have anything else to do?
Why?
Do you want me to visit your place?
Didn’t you already visit my place?
I’ve been there a lot of times.
Come here.
Hold on.
Woah.
Do you have to push me away this quickly?
Come on, Korn. I keep the secret between us.
When will you let me get it?
What? Get it?
What do I have to give to you?
Hey.
You said to me yourself.
When this matter with Win is over, you will give me a reward.
What reward?
What did we promise?
Don’t act like you have already forgotten about it.
Are you all right? You are a bit not yourself today.
I’m a bit…
unwell.
Aw.. you poor thing.
Let me see.
Your body temperature is not high.
(This is too much. Should I teach him a lesson?)
(He’s this slim. I can knock him over with just one kick.)
Do you want to see the doctor? I can drive for you.
No. I’m fine.
I’m back. How’s the cake?
Take a look yourself.
My muscles have most likely disappeared.
I've been working on chores all day.
I still have laundry to do and clothes to hang dry.
It’s been over an hour already.
If Win is back and my work here is not done,
he’ll chew me out.
Shit.
I don’t want to do it now.
[Dust out, mob the floor]
Come on.
Is it broken?
Do I have to wash it by hand instead?
[Wash and hang dry]
[Change bed sheet]
Come on.
[Empty trash bin] [Clean bathroom]
I haven't finished everything yet.
Wow.
Thank you very much, Korn.
Thank you.
You should thank Chef Phat.
I didn’t do anything much.
I just helped a bit. This is pretty easy already.
I really appreciate it.
My boyfriend will surely love this.
I have to go now.
My staff at the hotel called me.
I need to go there and check that out.
(Is he leaving? I haven’t asked and got the info yet.)
Chef Phat, let me go with you.
It’s all right. We have to see each other at the hotel tomorrow anyway.
I can’t help feeling excited for you.
See you tomorrow at the hotel.
Please excuse me.
Thank you again.
(Why did he say he was excited?)
(Why do they have to meet at the hotel?)
(What will happen tomorrow?)
(My brain is about to explode!)
It’s nothing.
[Clean bathroom]
I’m aching all over.
When will the food I ordered arrive?
It could be here now.
Have I finished all myself?
(Does Win eat a lot because his tired body needs energy?)
(I should not have blamed him.)
I must be at the hotel, right?
How did you know?
Chef Phat told me.
Well well well.
Win,
I didn’t know you were back.
Why?
Did you expect me to yell as I walked into the house?
If I did that, I wouldn't be able to see how much you eat.
I haven’t eaten anything all day long.
I had to do all those chores you listed.
Do you understand me now?
Will you stop fussing about my eating from now on?
So what do I have to do tomorrow?
I must be at the hotel, right?
How did you know?
Chef Phat told me.
You have an appointment with him, haven’t you?
How did you know that from Chef Phat?
He came to the store.
He also told me that you went to see him too.
What was that about, Korn? Did you warn him about something?
Is there anything you're scared I'll find out?
Scared of what? Why do I have to be scared?
I just go there for my usual baking class. Nothing else.
Nothing else?
Yes.
I’ll give you another chance.
Confess the truth to me now. I won’t be mad.
What to confess? There’s really nothing.
So I can go to see Chef Phat as planned, right?
By all means. I’ll go with you too.
So you’ll realize that there’s nothing going on between me and Chef Phat.
You stay here. I’ll be fine on my own.
I’m fine to go with you.
You don’t know how to bake. He might be perplexed.
(I'll go with him. It’s easier to manage the situation.)
(If he goes, he’ll try to cover things up.)
Hi, Korn.
You brought Win here too?
He’s my boyfriend. Why can’t I bring him here?
Come on. I heard all about it.
That’s why I’m here.
I told you not to speak a word.
Chef Phat, you can go.
Korn will teach me how to bake today.
What? What does that mean?
It means Win has found out.
If you have anything to say to him, go ahead.
(Don’t.)
Well I…
Hey. I told you not to let him know.
Why did you tell him that?
Why can’t he let me know?
You don’t need to know.
So you are keeping a secret from me?
No. There’s no secret.
What about this? You are clearly keeping something from me.
Just tell me what it is.
There’s no secret.
I don’t believe you.
Hold up.
What are you two talking about?
Stay out of this!
Okay.
I’ll leave you two alone to sort it out.
I have something to sort out too.
Bye.
You are keeping a secret from me, right?
I have to be here to get that out from you.
Keep your curiosity with you for now.
And help me bake.
Why do I have to?
After we finish baking,
I promise I'll tell you everything.
Fine. I’ll help.
But if you don't tell me the truth, you're done.
Okay.
- Ready?
Okay. We have everything we need.
Where’s sugar?
We’re not gonna use it.
Cake without sugar?
Do you really know how to bake a cake?
We will not use sugar in our cake today.
Is it going to be tasty?
Of course, it is.
Sugar isn't always required to make tasty meals.
Plus, it’ll be beneficial for your health.
We will be making healthy Japanese Matcha Crepe Cake with fudge topping
with zero sugar.
We’ll start with the wet ingredients first.
Mix milk and Oishi Honey Lemon 0% sugar.
Just half of the bottle.
Only half?
Yes.
Done.
Add oil in.
Like this?
What are you looking at?
The cake.
Isn’t it cute?
Let me try it too.
Go ahead.
Try it.
You broke the yolk.
I have heavy hands and feet.
I can’t do this kind of thing. It’s too difficult.
Don’t worry. People with strong hands can also achieve this.
There are many other ways to separate egg yolks.
I’ll show you how to do it.
Use an empty bottle of Oishi Honey Lemon 0% sugar.
And pick up the egg yolk.
Wow.
Here it is.
And drop it in the bowl.
There’s an easy way to do it. You should have told me sooner.
This method was discovered a long time ago.
Go ahead. Do as I have shown you.
Here we go.
Let me help.
Okay.
I can do it.
Very good.
See? You can also do it.
Wait, Korn.
What are you doing with our cake?
Didn’t you want to hear the truth?
The truth is…
I have an agreement with Chef Phat here on the hotel’s rooftop.
Seriously, Korn.
Take it easy, Win.
I have a reason.
And the reason is…
you.
Come.
Today is our 2nd year anniversary.
You forgot it, right?
My mind has been preoccupied with something else.
This is it.
The secret between me and Chef Phat.
Oh. This?
Sit down.
I want to create a cake recipe for you only.
I know that you like desserts.
But I’m worried about your health.
So I created a cake recipe that is good for you
and for my own heart.
You should have let me know properly.
Instead, you said things that got on my nerves.
I didn’t intend to make you feel that way.
I just wanted you to eat healthily and be healthy.
I want you to stay as long as possible with me.
I…
I’m sorry.
I doubted you with Chef Phat.
I…
I'm probably too exhausted and have lost myself.
I should not have acted like that with you.
I want to apologize to you too.
I was so busy working that I didn't have time for you.
You have to move in to stay with me instead.
You can't take care of Warodom Farm,
and choose to take care of me.
Good that you know.
And I also apologize
for stopping you from eating what you like to eat.
I know that you are really tired.
Now that I’m in your body, I truly understand you now.
Will you stop me from eating again?
I won’t.
From now on, I will find you only delicious and healthy stuff for you every day.
How does this sound?
I’m hungry now.
Can I eat?
Go ahead.
Whose boyfriend is this? Why is he so cute?
Eat the cake, not my fingers.
Dig in.
How is it?
It’s good.
This is a healthy dessert.
Korn.
Hm?
How lovely of you.
Oh, you’re not.
Korn.
Your arm is on my neck.
It’s heavy.
Sorry. Can I hold you like this a little longer?
Korn!!!
What?
We have returned to our own bodies!
Really?
Yes. Look.
It’s true.
If our love hadn't fallen to zero before,
we wouldn't have realized how good our love is now.
I can’t breathe.